Jesus commanded:
‘Let the truth be heard.’
In summer heat, on dusty roads,
He let all hear Jehovah’s word.
He loved God’s sheep
and called to ev’ryone.
He searched the land from the sunrise
‘til the day was done.
From door to door and in the street,
We share with ev’ryone we meet
The news that soon
man’s troubles all will be gone.
Searching the world
For friends of peace in ev’ry nation,
Searching to find
A heart inclined toward salvation,
Wanting to leave
No stone unturned.
Time waits for no one,
so the search goes on.
A million hearts, a million lives,
We give our all to save just one.
Love is the force
that makes us call again.
A wounded heart can be healed,
and broken lives can mend.
We search the towns and city squares,
And when we find someone who cares,
The joy we feel
inspires us to go on.
Searching the world
For friends of peace in ev’ry nation,
Searching to find
A heart inclined toward salvation,
Wanting to leave
No stone unturned.
Searching the world
For friends of peace in ev’ry nation,
Searching to find
A heart inclined toward salvation,
Wanting to leave
No stone unturned.